# BDSwiss LPs with Next.js

Main directories and files:

- **components/**: This directory contains all the reusable React components that are used throughout the project. For example, ***navbar.js** and **layout.js** are common components that are used in many pages of the application.

- **pages/**: This directory contains all the Next.js pages of the application. Each file in this directory represents a page of the application that can be accessed by the user. The index.js file is the main landing page of the application, and the 404.js file is the custom 404 error page.

- **public/**: This directory contains all the static assets that are publicly accessible by the client. This includes images, stylesheets, and the favicon.

- **sass/**: This directory contains all the global styles of the application, including typography, colors, and other common styles. The globals.css file contains styles that apply to the entire application, while the index.css file contains styles that apply to specific components or pages.

- **utils/**: This directory contains all the utility functions and modules that are used throughout the application. This includes API modules, constants, helper functions, and validation functions.

- **.eslintrc.json**: This file contains the ESLint configuration for the project.

- **.gitignore**: This file contains the list of files and directories that should be ignored by Git.

- **next.config.js**: This file contains the Next.js configuration for the project.

- **package.json**: This file contains the project's dependencies and scripts.

- **sass/**: This directory contains all the Sass files for the project. The globals.scss file contains styles that apply to the entire application, while the index.scss file contains styles that apply to specific components or pages.

- **package-lock.json**: This file is generated by NPM and contains the exact version of each dependency used in the project, ensuring that the same dependencies are installed across all environments.


How to install:
---------------

npm install